The Joe Rogan experience. Social security. I always bring my passport as well.
Just.
In case that's a smart case.
But also clear. Clear.
Is the I know we walked right through all the.
Best you do. They do. Your fingerprints picture comes up. You are clear,
you are in queue. And then you go on through. The people are super friendly.
They walk you all the way up to the guy or the gal who's working there.
They wave at you. Everybody walks right through and I have pre NTSA pre or TSA,
pre and clear. Same.
Nice. You you, well, you don't travel international enough to have global,
right? You don't have global ditch. Why would you do it?
You don't even go to the country.
I've been on the country every year. I know.
I know. But does everybody in your family have it too? They all gotta have it.
Yeah. Come on. Global Clarence.
Tom, you don't with global entry. I don't have it. She gives you free TSA pre.
Uh, I already got them in the same brand. I don't know that.
I didn't know that you get one. You get both. How about that? I didn't know.
You got to go everyone. If most states, I don't know, actually,
I don't know how many states have this, but being at the DMV last few days. Um,
real ideas, a new thing coming through some states.
And if you want to travel domestically, yeah.
You're going to have to get a new ID ID.
Or your passport. Oh, because I already have the Fidessa.
Fly from here to Ohio. You need your passport.
For that. You don't have to have a passport. If you wanna go to Vegas.
Yeah. Shut up. That's so dumb. Yeah.
Or get you this new version of the California ID like it to go give right.
Another brother wants it, baby. Brother, just put something in my arm.
Just give me my ID and what they want.
They want you to give in, let them do what? Oh.
My God. I'm doing it. I gave in, when I bought these,
when I bought this tracking device, that's listening to me 24 hours a day.
Your phone. Yes.
What are you doing? What's the worst thing you do? That, that phone picks up.
Talk.
But that's normal.
That's normal. You think that somebody does? There's a file.
There's a file of all the talking. What if they log your talking? And.
One day you're going to say something bad about the government.
I'm going to pull you aside.
And say so many bad things. Whatever president.
Elizabeth Warren is going to bring you into a room, shut.
Your mouth. And she's going to show.
You all the.
Things you've done to be Peter Buddha judge. And you note at T2,
[inaudible] some governor from some local, some local, uh, south bend, Indiana.
And she's like, we got our, we got a running in the office in mayor, Pete.
But he say some homo. We got some homo running for president dance.
Who said that? Some dude at some local government thing. Yeah. He was all mad.
He's like, and some woman left. She was like, I'm so offended. I'm so offended.
And then when people are like, can you believe.
Doing a good job as mayor? That's ridiculous. Yeah. Remember when all the,
there was a cop that shot someone and his response was inadequate.
And so they had all these people saying,
how the are you running for president while you're the mayor?
Which I don't understand either. No,
I don't understand how the you're going to have an incredibly time consuming
tax, taxing job, like being the mayor of a major city,
not major, but it's a city. There's a few people live in there.
You're supposed to be running that. And you're also running for president.
It sounds like you're slacking. Yeah. Right? It's like,
if you had a job and you were the CEO of, um, whatever Heineken,
right. And then in the meantime,
you're out there campaigning to be the CEO of Budweiser. Yeah.
Hanukkah will pull you over. Hey. Face I talk to you for a second. What are you?
What are you doing? You're not even here.
You're eight hours out of the week. You're off going, doing Budweiser.
Yeah. Yeah. But that's a great gig. But otherwise it gets really good.
I like to keep the Heineken gig while I try to get the Budweiser gig.
If you don't mind, if you guys are cool with it. Yeah.
You guys are cool with it. How did you find it? You'll laugh. Even more.
Look at it. Widely spread video.
A community commissioner county county commissioner Warren Hurst can be seen
giving minutes long speech against what he sees as an American changing
America, changing towards liberal values, arguing,
arguing to make his jurisdiction a gun sanctuary,
meaning that resources would be diverted away from enforcing certain gun laws
in the speech, hers lamented. Well,
we got run for president in the democratic party saying that better
candidates could be found in jail. He continued,
we got a running for president.
If that ain't about as ugly as you can get referred into [inaudible] we're
running for prison openly gay. Wow. Ugly. As you can get,
what do you think would happen if you became president?
How bad would the homophobia be in this country? Through the roof? rolly.
It almost would be worse for gay people in the short run. Yeah, right? Yeah.
It's like the, the homophobes would make, they would be so adamant.
It would be so in be dangerous for Buddha, could you.
What a judge, a judge would set it up,
but he doesn't have a snowball's chance in hell. I mean,
he's not even remotely close.
No. You know who kills me is that beta or rope or work? I go rock.
And he seems like a joke. Like someone said, look, dude,
here's the sketch for the next 24 months.
You are going to pretend you run for president.
And I just want you to like skate board and say a bunch of dumb.
And you speak Spanish real clumsy with the way you talk about
things. But tell them you're going to take their guns. She'd say it openly, say,
the second amendment I'm taking your guns, beta,
beta or Rourke.
I'm going to be alpha. Oh Santino. And the next time I run.
It's like, you know how you know, like, you know how, um,
Ali G like ha he has these characters is Sarah
Sasha, Baron Cohen. You know, he has the bore out character.
He has the, the other gay character. It's almost like a.
Character, like a fictional person, like a.
Super like emo sort of did Sam
Tripoli had a picture of baito on his Instagram saying don't ever
forget this. When this guy runs for president,
it's him covered with letters like letters all over his body.
This is like vegan feminist. And it's like writing all over his body.
And I, and I said to Sam, I said, is that really him? He was like, it is.
But I don't know if Sam really knows. It's just going to say, oh,
Sam's done any research.
Salmon, salmon. I have endless, endless arguments. I go nowhere. Perfect.
I almost hope it is him. Right.
I don't know. I'm looking for that exact picture that I was going to.
The only thing I do know about them before this was happening was that he was
known to be in this thing called the cult of the dead cow,
which is like a hacker group back in the day. Oh, my first hat, hacker groups.
You know, like when the movie hackers is a thing like that, that time period,
I think it must come from.
That. The cult of the dead.
Covered with all the.
Words. That's right.
Uh, no. It's like him in his underwear with writing all over his body.
Did you see that? They changed the ABCs?
Yeah. How'd they do that.
Now. They don't know. It's not, you know, cause our youth, you know,
you learn a LMNO LMNO so now it's not. LMNO why they sing it.
Al M and they changed the rhythm of the song. Why did they do that?
Because they don't want kids to say elemental ticket,
confused that those are not separate. That they are separate letters.
I saw it yesterday.
Who who's the day that changed it to one guy recorded a new verse of the song
and it went viral. Was it like, was it, is it going in schools?
That's the one thing I.
Don't know. It's everywhere.
But did you S did you find the beta for a picture? I don't know.
I think I saved it in my favorites.
I see a bunch of like older pictures of them for back then that.
Are on Samsung.
But did you save it on, did you look at Sam's Instagram? It's.
Not as grim, right?
Or you could ask Sam to send it to you. I don't,
I didn't have it in my favorites. I probably was so disturbed by it.
I didn't make it a face.
You know, it's Sam's wallpaper on his phone. I'm sure. Wallpaper.
His cows.
Send a.
It's pretty far back. Okay. Yeah. It's like a six months ago.
Oh yeah. Maybe too far back because he posts every day.
It might not be worth it. I was just going to say it just Instagram,
Sam Tripoli.
Baito put a weird name to Bedo.
Bedo is so close to beta.
Beta. Oh, Roke.
He's just, he seems like such a silly.
And then that girl, Katie hill announcer, uh, resentment.
Cause she's choosing better attitude and a woman. Yeah. Throw up balls.
Baby. She was banging a guy and a girl. Yeah, really?
Well,
the girl she openly admitted to the guy she said was there was false rumors
about their work sexual relationship that they never hooked up at work or some
like that. What's.
The problem.
That our husband, that's probably part of it that she's married,
but that her husband comma it problem.
One that he's being emotionally abusive to her by like
releasing all this information about her cheating. Oh, that's hilarious. Yeah.
And he's being emotionally abusive, man. If it was a wife doing that about a.
Male come up.
Maybe it wouldn't no one say that you would never say that she's being
emotionally abusive about her cheating husband. Nope. That's the.
She said, but it's our,
this article that I read said he's being emotionally abusive about her past, uh,
about her and whatever infidelity her infidelity. Right then he's focused.
Cause they got video, you know, there's video of her for.
Banging girls hooking.
Up with these, her company's people and pictures and all this. Some,
some comic had a funny tweet this morning. That was like,
I just like the idea of a up kind of hot.
But when you saw the picture of who she hooked up with, you're like, oh bummer.
Wow.
Sometimes it's better. Just the imagination.
I found the picture of Sam put update.
I know this is not a real picture of Bedo. Oh, he updated it.
I caught it before. It was upstate for it to.
Damage that. No. Nevermind. Okay. Not.
What I was going to think. I didn't think I was going to find that either.
But imagine if it was real, put the picture up. I want.
To, I want to see it.
Regardless. So Tripoli. Yeah. Look at that. Look, look, look, look, look
down. Is atheist vegan naturist. Is that a word? Naturist.
Ecologist. Hmm. Okay. That's someone's boy.
And that's not.
A real picture.
That's a picture of someone but not beta.
Not a beta, but it looks exactly.
Like, it looks a lot like him. I think Tripoli thought it was him.
He was hoping the old days you could just say it's him. Yeah.
What does it show a picture? I promise man. You promise? Yeah. I'm a citizen.